chore: Add agent instructions for working with docs (#561)
serverpod/serverpod_docs: .github/instructions/docs.instructions.md

❌ `The flutter_web_auth_2 package handles the OAuth2 redirect on every platform under the hood.`  
✅ `The GitHub identity provider uses flutter_web_auth_2 to handle the OAuth2 redirect.`

### 10. Internal mechanics exposure

Describing how the framework or widget wires itself up internally when the reader only needs to know what to call or where to put something.

❌ `SignInWidget auto-detects which identity provider endpoints are registered on the server, so once GitHubIdpEndpoint is exposed and client has been generated, the GitHub button appears.`  
✅ `Once GitHubIdpEndpoint is registered and your app reloads, the GitHub sign-in button appears automatically.`

### 11. Facts that belong in external docs

Stating specific facts about a third-party service that we don't own and would have to maintain if they change. Link to the authoritative source instead.

❌ `GitHub Apps allow up to 10 callback URLs (OAuth Apps allow only one).` — this is a GitHub product detail; if GitHub changes it, our docs silently become wrong.  
✅ Remove it, or if necessary to complete the task, link to GitHub's documentation for service-specific limits, and state only what the reader needs to do.

> ### 14. Version history noise

Reviewer: Renumber to fill the gap (patterns 14/15/16 → 12/13/14).

Author: Patterns now run consecutively 1–17, with no gaps

Describing old Serverpod behavior in a current task page. The reader is completing a task with the current version; what the framework used to do is irrelevant unless they are migrating.

❌ `In previous versions of Serverpod the insert method mutated the input object by setting the id field. In the example above the input variable remains unmodified after the insert/insertRow call.`  
✅ Remove it. The code example already demonstrates current behavior. If an upgrade note is needed, it belongs in the version upgrade guide.

> ### 15. Concept preamble on a task page

Reviewer: Question: what does "task page" cover here? Tutorial only, or tutorial + guide? Worth being explicit so the pattern's scope is clear.

Author: "task page" replaced with "guides and tutorials".

✅ `The GitHub identity provider uses flutter_web_auth_2 to handle the OAuth2 redirect.`

### 10. Internal mechanics exposure

Describing how the framework or widget wires itself up internally when the reader only needs to know what to call or where to put something.

❌ `SignInWidget auto-detects which identity provider endpoints are registered on the server, so once GitHubIdpEndpoint is exposed and client has been generated, the GitHub button appears.`  
✅ `Once GitHubIdpEndpoint is registered and your app reloads, the GitHub sign-in button appears automatically.`

### 11. Facts that belong in external docs

Stating specific facts about a third-party service that we don't own and would have to maintain if they change. Link to the authoritative source instead.

❌ `GitHub Apps allow up to 10 callback URLs (OAuth Apps allow only one).` — this is a GitHub product detail; if GitHub changes it, our docs silently become wrong.  
✅ Remove it, or if necessary to complete the task, link to GitHub's documentation for service-specific limits, and state only what the reader needs to do.

### 12. Version history noise

> Describing old Serverpod behavior in a current task page. The reader is completing a task with the current version; what the framework used to do is irrelevant unless they are migrating.

Reviewer: Nit: pattern 12 body still says "task page". The address-review note mentioned the replacement to "guides and tutorials"; pattern 13 got the disambiguation via the "Applies to **guides and tutorials**" line, but this one was missed.

```suggestion
Describing old Serverpod behavior in a current guide or tutorial. The reader is completing a task with the current version; what the framework used to do is irrelevant unless they are migrating.
```
